Adding state editingNote page (#3)
inkdropapp/api-docs: src/app/states/editing-note/page.mdx

export const metadata = {
  title: 'editingNote',

>   description: 'An app state of editingNote in Inkdrop. This section explains how to fetch the `editingNote` state.',

Reviewer: I think it is better to explain a word without having to use the very word that is to be explained.
```suggestion
  description: 'An app state of currently opened note in the editor. This section explains how to fetch the `editingNote` state.',
```

}

# editingNote

> An [app state](/guides/flux-architecture) of editingNote in Inkdrop.
> You can obtain the `books` state and integrate it with React components.{{ className: 'lead' }}

Reviewer: see above
```suggestion
An [app state](/guides/flux-architecture) of the currently opened note in the editor
You can obtain the `editingNote` state and integrate it with React components.{{ className: 'lead' }}
```

---

## Data Structure

<Row>

>   <Col>
>     <Properties>
>       <Property name="all" type="Book[]">
>         The state represents [Note][note] data while a note opened, otherwise it's `null` or `undefined`.
>       </Property>
>     </Properties>
>   </Col>

Reviewer: This should only be a reference to the note model, not an individual object structure.
```suggestion
  <Col>
    The state represents [Note][note] data while a note opened, otherwise it's `null` or `undefined`.
  </Col>
```

  <Col sticky>
    Get the `editingNote` state manually:

    ```js
    const { editingNote } = inkdrop.store.getState()
    ```

    Connect the state with your React component:

    ```js
    import { useSelector } from 'react-redux'
    const selector = ({ editingNote }) => editingNote
    const MyComponent = props => {
      const editingNote = useSelector(selector)
      // render
    }
    ```
  </Col>
</Row>

> [note]: /reference/data-models#a-nameresource-notenotea

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note]: /data-access/notes
```
